welcome to the man of recaps this is the
complete Star Wars recap leading up to
episode 9 the rise of Skywalker it all
started a long time ago in a galaxy far
far away
with the original Star Wars which is now
called episode 4 a new hope the evil
Galactic Empire is chasing down a rebel
ship they're led by Darth Vader you know
him he breathes real heavy and is a huge
badass he captures rebel leader Princess
Leia famous for the hair Cinnabons he's
looking for some stolen plans but she
hid them in the Droid yeah there's two
of them the trash can on wheels is r2d2
he's real cute beeps and Boop's and his
golden english but their friend is c-3po
they escaped down to sand planet and
long story short were captured by these
little junk dealers the Jawas they're
selling the droids to a dirt farmer
who's got a nephew Luke Skywalker Luke's
a good kid but he doesn't want to be a
Dirt Farmer he wants to be a fighter
pilot in the resistance but his uncle's
like Luke I need you to help me farm the
dirt so Luke is stuck here on this dumb
Rock he finds the secret message from
Princess Leia though Luke's like dang
who's that she's hot r2d2 runs away and
they're attacked by sand people but
they're scared off by the crazy hermit
old Ben Kenobi old Ben Kenobi you don't
by chance know obi-wan do you well of
course I know it it's me
obi-wan used to be a Jedi Knight who
could use the force the mysterious
energy that flows through everything
basically they were space wizards and
they had laser swords called lightsabers
super sweet Luke's father was a Jedi too
but he was betrayed and murdered by
Darth Vader who went over to the dark
side of the force he place princess
Leia's message but he's like Luke I'm
too old for this you want to come help
me on an adventure looks like I'd love
to but I got to stay here and form the
dirt but the Empire just killed his aunt
and uncle so he's like yeah I guess I'm
coming let's do it stormtroopers are
looking for the droids but obi-wan
congenita mines tricked them these
aren't the droids you're looking for
they hire han Solo the coolest pilot in
the galaxy along with his best friend
and first mate the wookie Chewbacca but
Hans got a bounty on his head so he
shoots first and goes to see Jabba the
Hutt who he owes money to he's like hey
I'll do this one last job and then pay
back a promise so they fly off on Han
ship the Millennium Falcon they go into
hyperspace the stars fool but meanwhile
the Empire is all hyped up about their
new
star this one guy makes fun of Darth
Vader which is a bad idea because he can
choke you out with his mind governor
Tarkin is in command here and Princess
Leia won't tell him where the rebel base
is so he decides to test the Death Star
on her home planet of Alderaan
no not Alderaan - pew pew boom boom boom
explodes the whole planet our crew gets
to Alderaan and there's nothing left but
they do see this small moon that's no
moon oh it's the Death Star pulling them
in luckily Han Solo's a smuggler so they
hide in the compartments and then
disguise themselves as stormtroopers
obi-wan goes to disable the tractor beam
but the guys find out Princess Leia is
being held prisoner right here so they
bust in to save her they flee into the
trash compactor all the walls closing in
but luckily r2d2 hacks the system and
shuts it down just in time obi-wan
disables the tractor beam but he runs
into Darth Vader his old apprentice you
meet again at last they have an epic
lightsaber battle except they're both
kind of old now so it's not that
exciting to help the gang escape obi-wan
causes a distraction by letting Vader
strike him down no he just disappears
into his robe so our gang blast their
way out of their swivel chair battle get
the TIE fighters they fly to the rebel
base but they track their ship so the
test starts close behind luckily now
they have the stolen Death Star plans
from r2d2 and turns out there's a huge
weakness if you shoot a missile down the
shaft to the core it'll explode the
whole thing Hans not sticking around for
the battle he's taking his reward money
and piece it out of there oh that Han
Solo only cares about himself
then the rebellion flies out on their ex
wings it's like red leader checking in
orem rinses Red five standing by so it's
a big space battle Pepe's like Fox get
this guy off my tail do a barrel roll
they're trying to bomb the shaft but
they all missed cuz they suck and Darth
Vader flies out should have all down so
at the end Luke has the final torpedo
he's gonna use the targeting computer
but he hears Obi Wan's ghost voice news
so he turns off the computer just gonna
eyeball it commands like oh my god we're
all doomed
Vader's coming up behind him but just
before he fires boom he gets shot by Han
Solo flying in to save the day so Luke
takes the shot makes it in because he's
the man and boom whole Death Star
exploded so the day is saved they have a
big silly metal ceremony and that's how
the first Star Wars comes to an end
next it's Episode five the Empire
Strikes Back the rebellions hanging out
on ice planet Luke gets captured by the
abominable snowman from the Rudolph the
red-nosed reindeer movie luckily he's
learn to use the force boom grabs
lightsaber gets himself free he's dying
from the cold and he hallucinates ghosts
obi-wan you must go to swamp planet and
train with Yoda just that Han Solo finds
him and they spend the night inside
there dead horse thing and Luke's a ok
Hans joined the rebellion he and Leia
kind of like each other even though they
have a very antagonistic relationship
you stuck-up half-witted scruffy-looking
nerf-herder who's scruffy-looking to
prove that she doesn't like him she
kisses Luke whoa
meanwhile the Empire has found the
rebellion on ice planet they sent down
their walking robot things so they gotta
use the cables to tie up their legs and
knock them over Darth Vader's mad at the
failure so he chokes out the one Admiral
and promotes the guy next to him they're
chasing the Millennium Falcon so Han
flies through the asteroid field so you
three peals like well the odds of
survival are very low never tell me the
odds they hide out in an asteroid hole
where he and Leia start smooching but
there's a giant worm monster in there so
they have to leave Luke decides to trust
his elucidation and he goes to a swamp
world he meets Yoda the little old green
man who speaks backwards
yes Trini was a Jedi I will the
Millennium Falcon got away so Darth
Vader hires famed bounty hunter Boba
Fett no disintegrations a fly off the
cloud world where they meet Lando
Calrissian
Hans old best friend and he wears a
space cape so you know he's cool but
unfortunately he leads them into a trap
I'm sorry I had no choice they're giving
Han to Boba Fett so he can collect the
bounty from Jabba the Hutt Leia finally
confesses her feelings I love you
then boom they freeze him in carbonite
so yeah hon Xena in a block now Luke has
a vision of his friends in trouble so he
flies on over there and confronts Darth
Vader
it's lightsaber battle time few people
killed unfortunately Luke is a total
noob and gets his head cut off
Darth Vader is like hey you should join
me on the dark side it's super cool I
promise but looks like no way you killed
my father and Darth Vader drops a truth
bomb on him what mind explosion Luke
let's go and falls down he lands on a
weathervane thing Lando helps them
escape they pick up Luke and fly on out
of there Luke gets a cool robot hand and
that's how Empire comes to an end
episode 6 Return of the Jedi starts down
at Jabba the Hutt's palace
he's got Han Solo as his new wall
decoration but a new bounty hunter comes
in turns out it's Leia in disguise every
captured immediately and they put Leia
in the Slave Leia outfit which caused a
generation of boys to hit puberty Luke
comes in to save the day he's a fully
trained Jedi Master now he falls down
the trapdoor and her gonna make him walk
the plank into the Sarlacc pit but looks
like I don't think so and pulls out his
new green lightsaber yakin by Boba Fett
flies in on his jet pack to show off
what he can do but he's a huge
disappointment and is immediately
knocked into the Sarlacc pit Leia
strangles Jabba and they bust on out of
there Luke goes back to see Yoda but
he's super old now so he dies black then
ghost obi-wan shows up with the truth
bomb by the way Leia is your twin sister
it's like what do I use tongue elsewhere
the Empire's building a new Death Star
and rebels get the Death Star plans
again and turns out it has the exact
same weakness as the first it's weapons
aren't operational yet so they're gonna
take it out but it's protected by a
shield from the nearby forest planet so
they go down to disable the shield they
have the speeder race through the woods
room long story short they crash and
they're picked up by these little teddy
bear people the Ewoks they're super cute
but apparently they want to feast on
human flesh
luckily they think c-3po is some sort of
God so they untie him and play it off
like the hilarious misunderstanding Luke
tells Leia he's her brother and she's
like oh god I used Tong he's like hey
sis I'm gonna find our dad and try to
bring it back to the light side so he
turns himself in but Vader's like uh
have you seen my outfit I'm pretty
committed to the stark side thing he
brings him to see the Emperor who's like
by the way your friends are walking into
a trap and when the rebel fleet arrives
the weapons are very much operational
Admiral obvious is like
Knepper is a real creepy dude he's all
like good I feel your anger he wants
Luke to give in to his anger and join
the dark side and Luke does he goes to
strike in town but Darth Vader blocks it
so father and son have an epic
lightsaber duel film build film and this
time Luke wins but the upper I wanted
this he's like good now strike him down
and take his place by my side but looks
like no I'm not gonna do it I'm gonna
stay light side so the Emperor is like
fine then it's lightning time like dudes
Luke's being lightning to death and he's
like Father please help and something to
Darth Vader it snaps and he's like no
I'm gonna save my son takes the Emperor
and throws him down that pit he explodes
so he's definitely dead no way he could
come back in a future movie so Darth
Vader is redeemed Luke takes off his
mask to see his father's face and he's
kind of an ugly dude and it's like what
the hell bro I need that to live down on
the planet that he walks join the fight
and even though they're hilariously
outgunned they somehow win and blow up
the shield generator so Lando Calrissian
flies the Millennium Falcon down to the
core and blows it up it's exactly like
the end of Star Fox 64 so new Death Star
explodes the galaxy saved they have a
biggie walk party Luke sees the forced
ghosts of Yoda and obi-wan now joined by
his father a young Anakin Skywalker and
that's how the original trilogy comes to
an end now wouldn't it be cool to see
the backstory of Darth Vader and find
out how the Empire rose to power you're
in luck because it's time for the
prequels it starts with Episode one The
Phantom Menace and before the Empire
there was a khalaqtu Kragh public that
was mostly at peace and for trade
disputes they send in to Jedi to mediate
Liam Neeson is Jedi Master qui-gon jinn
and you and McGregor's a young obi-wan
Kenobi the Trade Federation is working
for this mysterious hooded figure who
looks suspiciously like the future
Emperor he's like kill the Jedi so they
gotta fight their way out of there and
the Trade Federation occupies the planet
of Naboo the Jedi made up with the
infamously lame Jar Jar Binks meesa
quartz add some thanks long story short
they borrow his boat they rescue Queen
Amidala
but while escaping their ships damaged
so they have to land for repairs at
Tatooine that's Luke Skywalker's old
planet and they meet little slave boy
Anakin Skywalker your slave
oh person
he flirts with natalie portman who's the
Queen's handmaiden Padme even though
she's like twice his age he's a real
precocious kid in fact apparently he
built c-3po he offers to help him win
the money they need by podracing which
is pretty sweet and made a good n64 game
long story short he wins and Liam
Neeson's like yo you're real strong in
the force kid I'm gonna train you as a
Jedi now Queen Amidala talks to her
representative Senator Palpatine the
current Supreme Chancellor of the Senate
won't help them get Naboo back so they
impeach his but and the new Supreme
Chancellor elected his Palpatine a
surprise to be sure better what come on
but classic politician he breaks his
campaign promises he can't help either
so Amidala is going back to Naboo to
liberated herself
long story short Padme is the real Queen
Amidala the other one was decoyed they
recruit jar jar's people into the fight
and it's a big old CGI battle but it's
just a distraction for the main
characters sneaking into the palace
where they're confronted by Darth Maul
he's The Apprentice of the future
Emperor and he has a sweet double bladed
lightsaber one thing the prequels
actually did real well is cool
choreographed lightsaber battles voom
but at the end of Darth Maul kills
qui-gon so hope you want busts in there
and doesn't happen clip thing cuts Darth
Maul in half so there's no way he could
come back in an animated spin-off series
of the Clone Wars for in a cameo at the
end of a future movie where's Anakin by
the way he jacked a ship and flew up
into the space battle these ships also
explode from one hit and all the droids
deactivate cuz they were connected to
its Wi-Fi so the day is saved they have
a big silly metal ceremony mirroring the
end of the first Star Wars and that's
how episode 1 comes to an end in episode
2 attacked of the clones as a separatist
movement now a lot of planets trying to
leave the Republic Amidala is against
this so someone's trying to assassinate
her she's assigned her old Jedi friends
for protection and Anakin's grown up
into Hayden Christensen he hits on her
again and it's still weird cuz it's like
oh I knew you as a kid the assassin
strikes again with little centipede
things but the Jedi take care of that
and obi-wan leaps out the window to
follow the droid they end up in a flying
car chase through the streets and then
go to a bar where they cut off this
girl's hand but before she can say who
hired her who someone takes her out it's
this Boba Fett looking guy obi-wan
follows the clues to the rain planet
Kamino where the aliens there are master
cloners turns out they've built a clone
army for the republic obi-wan calls it
like yo you guys order an army and
they're like no not us the original
clone host was famed bounty hunter Jango
Fett any
capped one two raises a Sun bow he a
nope you won't have a fight on the dock
then sound bombs in space and he falls
him down to the separatist planet
meanwhile Anakin is bodyguarding Padme
on her home planet of Naboo it's a lot
nicer than his own planet Tatooine I
don't like sand he's still hitting on
her super creepily but eventually they
start rolling in the grass so I guess
they're in love but he starts having
nightmares about his mother remember
she's a slave too and she was sold to
some dirt farmer Oh Luke Skywalker's
future home yeah this Dirt Farmer bought
her but then fell in love and married
her but she was kidnapped and killed by
San people so anakin goes on a rampage
slaughters them all and not just the men
but the women and the children too so
we'll be one spying on the separatist
High Command they're led by Count Dooku
a former Jedi who's gone to the dark
side obi-wan gets caught Anakin and
Padme go to save obi-wan they have a big
fight in the Droid Building factory by
the way c-3po and r2d2 are in the
prequels they get up to lots of
shenanigans anyway they're all captured
in a Colosseum thing they have to fight
these big alien bug monsters but Jedi
Sam Jackson shows up party's over
mother yeah the Jedi are here to save
the day they have a big ol fight in the
pit Jango Fett tries to take out mace
windu pew pew but I'll get set cut off
poor young Boba's like father and I will
avenge ooh the Jedi are surrounded and
way outnumbered there's no way they can
win but what's this busting and it's
Yoda with the Clone Army good thing
someone ordered those right so it's
another giant CGI battle Jedi go to
fight Count Dooku but Force Lightning
whoa when he takes out obi-wan he's way
too strong
Anakin goes for a one-on-one but first
they stop for a Jedi close to grave
party that Dooku cuts his arm off and
boom he's beating both Jedi but Yoda
comes in wait are we gonna see Yoda
lightsaber battle yes oh he's flipping
around what a little bass but in the end
Dooku escapes and the galaxy is now at
war they call it the Clone Wars because
all the troops are closed now it's
episode three Revenge of the Sith
the clone wars have been raging for a
few years this great animated series
check it out Anakin and obi-wan come to
rescue Chancellor Palpatine and rematch
Count Dooku lightsaber battle pew pew
boom banana khun's a lot stronger now
and this time he wins he's gonna take
him prisoner but Palpatine's like kill
him doing so Anakin's like hula ok cuts
his head off and he can reunite with
Padme they had a secret wedding at the
end of the last movie because Jedi are
forbidden from being in relationships
they're supposed to be like monks you
know Padme he's got some big news she's
like hey
I'm preggers say why on top of that and
it can starts having nightmares that
Padme will die in childbirth
now Anakin and Palpatine had tickets to
Cirque de slay Palpatine's like hey have
you ever heard the tragedy of Darth
Plagueis the wise he was a Dark Lord of
the Sith that had the power to save
people from death and Eakins like wow
that'd be great but how do you know this
and it's like oh because I'm a Dark Lord
of this if anything's like what but he's
like don't worry the darkside is super
cool trust me so and I can tell Sam
Jackson who shows up with some Jedi it's
like you're under arrest the Senate will
decide your fate I am Senate and oh he
does a crazy spin move takes all these
guys out he's jumping around and
flipping quite a lot for an old guy in
the end Mace Windu's gonna win but he's
like lightening time oh but mace windu
blocks it reflects it back on him and oh
that's why he's getting all ugly
maybe I'm just gonna kill him banana
kids like no I need him to teach me how
to save Padme that Palpatine force
lightning out the window so surprising
no one Chancellor Palpatine is now
obviously the future Emperor and he's
like good you shall be my new apprentice
Darth Vader and it confirm and just
teach me how to save Padme and he's like
okay I will but first you got to go to
the Jedi Temple and kill all the
remaining Jedi including the younglings
so ahead of khun's alignment has gone
from zero to negative a hundred real
quick
lots of Jedi are spread across the
galaxy fighting in the Clone Wars but
Palpatine's got a plan for this execute
order 66 yeah that's the coach of the
clone troopers to turn on all the Jedi
so Palpatine was hilariously the leader
of both sides of the Galactic Civil War
now it's time to consolidate though he
sends Darth Vader to the separatist
leaders to kill him haha tops to the
Senate like hey guys Republic's are
super lame let's make this baby an
empire everyone's like yeah sure I mean
why not this is how the pretty guys and
their supplies
obi-wan was busy fighting General
Grievous he's got four arms doing a
windmill thing but they ended up having
a chicken unicycle race and long story
short shoots him in the heart obi-wan
sees Anakin's gone to the dark side so
he grabs Padme and they rush over to
volcano planet she's like Anakin if you
come to the dark side and he's like yeah
baby dark sides super cool trust me
obi-wan pops out so Anakin thinks Padme
betrayed him and chokes her out a bit
then it's time for the Anakin obi-wan
lightsaber battle yeah bill bill bill
it's really pretty sweet choreography
except for some parts that are weird
meanwhile Yoda goes to fight the upper
and they have a lightsaber battle in the
Senate chamber they start throwing
chairs at each other and then some
lightning and blocking but boom
explosion and Yoda falls down into this
guy's car it's like take me back to
swamp planet I'm going
style for a few 30 years the Anakin
obi-wan fights has gotten really out of
hand so you want jumps onto dry land
high ground mannequins like you
underestimate my power and tries to jump
over him so I'll be one cuts his legs
off Oh everyone makes a tearful speech
you are my brother Anakin
you were supposed to bring balance to
the force not leave it in darkness
obi-wan leaves him there to burn out but
the Emperor finds him and brings him in
for some serious surgery and now Anakin
has fully become Darth Vader Vader's
like wow things really got out of hand
back there but luckily it's all good now
and now you can help me save Padme
therefore as like whoo this is awkward
but when you choked her out you killed
her oh but it was alive Patton is alive
and she's given birth right now two
twins
Luke and Leia but the sadness of Anakin
going to the dark side breaks her heart
then she dies the prophecy came true
because he tried to avoid it whoo-hoo
they said lana live on the beautiful
planet of Alderaan and be raised as a
princess and Luke they give to his
step-uncle on crappy desert planet to be
a Dirt Farmer and that's how the
prequels come to an end now it's time
for the sequel trilogy first I'll
quickly mention rogue one which tells
the story right before the original Star
Wars of how they're abelian stole the
Death Star plans people really loved
this movie but it was fine there's also
solo which tells the origin story of Han
Solo people hated this movie but it was
fine
now it's episode 7 the force awakens
after the Empire fell in the original
trilogy part of it stayed together and
rebranded as the first-order so Poe
dameron's an ace pilot in the new
resistance he gets some important
information any surprise hides it in a
droid the villain in this one is kylo
Ren and he wears a sweet mask just like
mater did he's got a crazy lightsaber
with handles that's actually really
smart he captures Poe and tells the
stormtroopers to execute the civilians
but one stormtrooper refuses to do it
he's having a crisis of conscience and
his name is Finn but our main character
is Rey
she's a trash scavenger down on sand
planet not Tatooine from the originals a
new one called jakku she's got a hard
life trading junk for rations of insta
bread and count down the days since her
family abandoned her on this rock one
day she runs into Poe's droid its bb-8
he's super cute beeps and Boop's just
like r2d2 did and they become hints to
best friends meanwhile Finn helps Poe
escape they steal a ship but
crash-land on jakku and oh no looks like
Poe died bb-8 recognizes Poe's jacket so
Rey not spin out but he explains no I'm
a friend of Poe's I helped him escape
just then the bad guys show up so our
crew goes to steal a ship it's the
Millennium Falcon Rey's never flown a
ship before but she just kind of wings
it and does a great job so they busting
out of there this random officer gives
the bad news to kylo Ren back in Vader's
day you'd be choked out but I guess HR
put a stop to that cazzo just breaks
things with this lightsaber so Finn and
Rey are on the Millennium Falcon they're
picked up by another ship though and it
is han Solo and Chewbacca oh it's like
legendary rabbil han Solo
we need your help to take this droid
with important information back to the
resistance he's like huh this this all
sounds kind of familiar
what's bb-8 got anyway well it's a
partial map to Luke Skywalker yeah where
is Luke what happened to him while he
was trying to train a new Jedi Order but
one of the students went to the dark
side and killed everyone so Luke went
into exile Hans gonna help him but first
they stopped at a bar where they meet
Maz Kanata ray tries to find the
bathroom but instead she finds an old
lightsaber
once she touches it boom the force is
awakened within her turns out that is
Luke Skywalker's old lightsaber the blue
one that he dropped back on cloud world
why does Maz happen I don't know but
she's like right it's yours now just
then the bad guys attack and Rey ends up
in the forest so Finn gets to use the
lightsaber he's had no training though
and gets his butt kicked
luckily resistance fighters come to save
the day led by ace pilot poe dameron
yeah he survived hello Ren kidnaps Rey
and the first order pieces out of there
then on sole is reunited with Princess
Leia his one true love c-3po is there
too by the way han and leia have been
estranged for years because the kid Luke
was training that went bad was their son
Ben solo none other than kylo Ren
so kylos got this hero worship thing for
Darth Vader his maternal grandfather and
his current mentor is Supreme Leader
Snoke who is not a giant that's just a
hologram kyle is talking to Ray and he
takes off his mask but oh he's not
scarred or anything he's like what no I
don't need that to live it just makes me
look cool the first order is built a
bigger badder Death Star called star
killer base the old Death Star could
destroy a whole planet but this one can
destroy five planets and so in one fell
swoop they've taken out two the New
Republic so now the resistance needs to
destroy Starkiller base haunts like let
me guess there's one spot we could hit
that would blow up the entire thing
Finn's like oh yeah
there it is right there but they need to
get down onto the surface to disable the
shield's Finn doesn't know how though he
wasn't an engineer basically he was a
janitor he's like whatever we'll just
use the Force that's not how the force
works long story short they get the
shield's down and their resistance can
fly in to bomb it but the bad guys
finally decided to cover their one
weakness with super thick steel so the
gang finds Rey and goes to blow up a
hole but then they find kylo Ren puns
like kylo I am your father because I was
like yeah dad I know it's not a mystery
this time hannes like son I love you
come on back to the light side and Kyle
is like maybe just kidding oh he stabs
Han Solo kind of fights Rey and Finn
knocks Rey out immediately so Finn gets
a second chance with this lightsaber but
he still sucks gets totally wrecked now
kylo wants that lightsaber for himself
because remember before it was Luke's it
was Anakin's Darth Vader but the
lightsaber passes him and chooses Rey
doom lightsaber battle but Rey's never
been trained either and she's losing but
then she channel's the foresaid turns it
around
boom boom gives kylo a star to go with
that mask they get out of there just in
time for Poe to fly in and blow up the
new new Death Star bb-8 goes to see r2d2
who's been in sleep mode he's got the
other half of the map to Luke Skywalker
and at the top of the mountain she finds
him the last Jedi hey I think you
dropped this about thirty years ago and
that's how a force awakens comes to an
end now it's episode eight the last Jedi
after a few years of waiting we finally
see Luke's reaction he just throws it
over his shoulder what Luke we need your
help to save the galaxy from the evil
empire he's like you kid I already saved
the galaxy once I'm just gonna chill
here as a hermit drinking my blue alien
milk elsewhere the first order found a
rebel base so they're evacuating ace
pilot poe dameron flies in and prank
calls general Hux despise the resistance
time to escape but the first order
tracks them through Lightspeed that's
not supposed to be possible kylo Ren
flies in with his sweet new Skaar ready
to kill his mom but he doesn't hate his
mom as much as his dad he can't go
through with it unfortunately his
friends can and hope Princess Leia
sucked into space it's super sad r.i.p
Carrie Fisher but who wait was this
she's alive yeah I guess she uses her
latent Force powers to survive in space
and Mary Poppins back to the ship the
rest of the movie is a hilariously
chase seen as the resistance is just out
of range of the first order and they're
not gonna run out of gas for like two
days
fins all healed from his injuries and
wants to leave to find ray he's got kind
of a crush on ER instead he meets Rose
Tico just a maintenance worker but
between them they figure out how to
disable the Lightspeed tracker on the
first order ship they need a master code
breaker to get him in the system though
and Maz Kanata knows a great one on
casino planet they find the high-class
code breaker but they parked illegally
so they're sent to casino jail where
they meet a drunken bum of a Code
Breaker beti seems to note he's doing so
they figure he'll do they steal a bunch
of horse-racing aliens and caused quite
a commotion as they bust on out of it
Finn Andros sneak on to the first-order
ship code breaker gets him in and
they're getting ready to shut it down
then the resistance will Lightspeed out
of there but the drunken bum code
breaker obviously turned them into the
first order so this whole plan was
pointless now rings doing a bad job of
training herself so Luke finally agrees
to give her some pointers but turns out
the force is ridiculously strong with
her I've seen this raw strength only
once before it was kylo Ren and he ended
up going to the dark side at burning
Luke's house down so he doesn't want to
repeat it at speaking of kylo he and Ray
have some sort of psychic force
connection they can see each other
sometimes and sometimes he's shirtless
oh hey didn't see you there I was just
getting my ab workout in no biggie
anyway he tells his side a story that he
woke up one night and Luke was about to
kill him so he just defended himself and
feeling betrayed by his master that's
why he went to the dark side what the
past time kill it if you have to she
feels bad for him so these two
psychically hold hands and oh yeah
they're definitely gonna bang she
confronts Luke and gets the real full
story he had a vision that kylo was
going to go to the dark side so he
thought about preemptively killing him
but then couldn't go through with it but
then kind of woke up and it was awkward
and then that said how it goes raised
like okay boomer and she flies off to go
hang with kylo bring him back to the
light side Luke gets wasted on his blue
milk and goes to burn down the Jedi
Temple but force ghost Yoda shows up he
knocks some sense in the Luke it's like
hey man you think you're the only one
with an apprentice who went to the dark
side it's happened to literally everyone
now kylo Ren brings Rey to meet Supreme
Leader Snoke who dressed up for the
occasion in his best pajamas we don't
get any of his backstory he's just super
ugly and super strong with the force he
wants kylo to kill ray and complete his
journey to the dark side it looks like
kylos gonna do
no redemption arc for him but wait
what's this he's sneakily turning a
light saber and Whoville turns it on and
kill snow Kyle oh kill snow epic twist
snoke's bodyguards are apparently paid
to avenge his death
so Kyle Oh Andrew a team up to take them
all out super sweet fight these two make
a great team and they win she's like
thanks Kyle oh I knew you'd come back to
the light side now tell him to stop
firing on the resistance but he's like
well slow your roll girl I didn't go to
the light side I just didn't like Snoke
but I do like you you should join me on
the dark side super cool I promise then
Kyle oh drops the truth bomb about her
parents
turns out they were they were nobody
just a couple of junkies who abandoned
her on jakku she's not a Skywalker not a
Snoke not a Palpatine
this makes Rey super sad but she's still
going light side and tries to grab the
lightsaber these two fighting over it
and boom rip it in half right about that
and things look real bad for the
resistance so too by the rest of them
time to escape purple haired Admiral
turns her ship around and what's this
little height speed baby boom right into
the first order of fleet tears on my
part
this causes significant distraction for
Finn and Rose to escape Finn has a
showdown with his archenemy his old
commanding officer captain phasma she
was a real cool underused character from
force awakens I'm excited to see more of
her but Oh Finn knocks her into the fire
I guess she's dead so the remains of her
resistance makes it to an old base it's
not on a snow planet that's a salt
planet the red dust underneath makes a
super cool visual for their last stand
ray flies in on the Millennium Falcon I
guess she we picked her up along with
these cute animals called porks first
orders got a big cannon and Finn's gonna
sacrifice himself to take it out
Independence Day style but if Rose comes
and stops him she's like I'm not gonna
let you sacrifice yourself let's make
out so just then when the resistance has
no hope left Luke Skywalker walks in did
someone say a new hope
yeah he's come to save the day stares
down the whole first-order
single-handedly sounds like yo fire
every gun we have on this guy fufufu
boom it's like you think we got him but
they actually didn't what Luke Skywalker
what a boss so he and kylo have their
final lightsaber duel and Luke still
some slick moves for an old man in the
end he pulls at Hope yuan Kenobi and
kylo goes to cut him but nothing
happened
Luke is not really there yeah he's a
force projection he's just meditating
super hard back on Exile planet he's
like kid you just got Punk'd and poo
fades out and then in real life that I
guess the strain he dies from that too
but he bought enough time for the
resistance to escape Bray's out there
lift in the rocks for him yeah I guess
she's mastered or force powers now and
they fly off on the Millennium Falcon
the resistance may be down to just 12
total people but as long as the
downtrodden and oppressed of the galaxy
have opened their hearts their
resistance will never die and that's how
the last Jedi comes to an end now you're
ready for the epic finale of the trilogy
of trilogies episode 9 rise of Skywalker
if you liked this recap hit that
subscribe button I'm bringing you the
best recaps of TV and movies so don't
miss out
[Music]